[DOCS-2062] Add a Rails on Heroku guide (#10616)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/heroku-ruby.md

```yaml
logs:
  - type: file
    path: "/app/log/production.log"
    service: ruby
    source: ruby
    sourcecategory: sourcecode

```

Deploy to Heroku:

```shell
# Deploy to Heroku
git add .
git commit -m "Add lograge"
git push heroku main
```

Once the build completes, run the Datadog agent status as explained in the [appendix section](#appendix-getting-the-datadog-agent-status) to make sure the Logs agent is running correctly and sending logs to Datadog. You should look out for the following section:

```shell
[...]

==========
Logs Agent
==========

    Sending compressed logs in HTTPS to agent-http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com on port 443
    BytesSent: 390
    EncodedBytesSent: 298
    LogsProcessed: 1
    LogsSent: 1

  ruby
  ----
    - Type: file
      Path: /app/log/production.log
      Status: OK
      Inputs: /app/log/production.log
      BytesRead: 166
      Average Latency (ms): 0
      24h Average Latency (ms): 0
      Peak Latency (ms): 0
      24h Peak Latency (ms): 0
[...]
```

That output shows us that the Logs agent is now running correctly and sending our Ruby application log to Datadog. 

> Navigate now to [Logs in the Datadog application][21], and filter by `Source:ruby` to start seeing your Rails logs in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to [logs in Datadog][21] and filter by `Source:ruby` to start seeing your Rails logs in Datadog.
```

{{< img src="agent/guide/heroku_ruby/ruby_logs.png" alt="Application generated logs" >}}

#### Correlating logs and traces

> Once we have set up lograge, we can correlate the logs we get from our Rails application with the traces we are already generating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have set up lograge, you can correlate the logs you get from your Rails application with the traces you are already generating.
```

```ruby
Rails.application.configure do
[...]

  config.lograge.custom_options = lambda do |event|
    # Retrieves trace information for current thread
    correlation = Datadog.tracer.active_correlation

    {
      # Adds IDs as tags to log output
      :dd => {
        # To preserve precision during JSON serialization, use strings for large numbers
        :trace_id => correlation.trace_id.to_s,
        :span_id => correlation.span_id.to_s,
        :env => correlation.env.to_s,
        :service => correlation.service.to_s,
        :version => correlation.version.to_s
      },
      :ddsource => ["ruby"],
      :params => event.payload[:params].reject { |k| %w(controller action).include? k }
    }
  end
end
```

Deploy to Heroku:

```shell
# Deploy to Heroku
git add .
git commit -m "Add log traces correlation"
git push heroku main
```

If you navigate now to [Logs in the Datadog application][22], the newer Rails logs will have their correlated trace:

{{< img src="agent/guide/heroku_ruby/log_trace_correlation.png" alt="Log and traces correlation" >}}

## Summary

> In this guide we have taken a sample Rails application, deployed it to Heroku and instrumented it with Datadog to get metrics, dyno system metrics, logs and traces, as well as integrations set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide you have taken a sample Rails application, deployed it to Heroku, and instrumented it with Datadog to get metrics, dyno system metrics, logs, traces, and integrations set up.
```

To continue instrumenting your application with other Datadog integrations, follow the same steps taken for the Postgres integration one, with the configuration files documented in the [official integrations documentation][23].

> ## Appendix. Getting the Datadog agent status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Appendix: Getting the Datadog Agent status
```

> Getting the Datadog agent status is a good way to confirm that the Datadog agent is running correctly and to debug potential issues. First, SSH into your dyno using `heroku ps:exec`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting the Datadog Agent status is a good way to confirm that the Datadog Agent is running correctly and to debug potential issues. First, SSH into your dyno using `heroku ps:exec`:
```

```shell
heroku ps:exec -a $APPNAME

# Establishing credentials... done
# Connecting to web.1 on ⬢ ruby-heroku-datadog...
# DD_API_KEY environment variable not set. Run: heroku config:add DD_API_KEY=<your API key>
#The Datadog Agent has been disabled. Unset the DISABLE_DATADOG_AGENT or set missing environment variables.

~ $
```

> You can ignore the warnings about the DD_API_KEY not being set. This is normal. The reason is that [Heroku doesn’t set configuration variables for the SSH session itself][24], but the Datadog agent process was able to access those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can ignore the warnings about the `DD_API_KEY` not being set. This is normal. The reason is that [Heroku doesn’t set configuration variables for the SSH session itself][24], but the Datadog Agent process was able to access those.
```
